hey I'll coming into a quick Ruby gonna
unit that I've actually been wearing
originally wasn't gonna do a review on
it because I I've already been wearing
it so I didn't want to I kind of felt
like maybe I shouldn't do it because
I've already been wearing it but maybe
this is better since I've been wearing
it and I couldn't tell you guys this is
one of the sensational from the custom
lace line this is loose deep and I
believe um I took a TG burgundy
something to that effect like a teaching
burgundy or whatever um but i'll put all
the information in the description below
because I did throw away this stuff
because I've been wearing it and when i
get home i simply spray her with cocoa
butter lotion with some water in a spray
bottle and i put her on a week had to
dry so i haven't put her back in her
packaging or whatever um because i've
been wearing her and one thing I will
tell you since I've been wearing her as
she does get a little fizzy oh she does
little frizzy which is what I have to
use the cocoa butter and water
concoction and she does get tangled she
does get tangled but she's still pretty
for the cost I think there's some lower
cost units that don't get this tangled
so I do like it I love this color but um
this this looks secure only secure larly
the word this looks crazily sunward oh
this looks a lot like hub of that this
looks a lot like on the body wave and I
have that one too and I haven't worn it
because something is a little off about
the wave to me but it's in the same
color and I like the color but something
is off about to leave but I love this
wave and that's why I got this but she
does get tangled she's not that long of
course these custom weeks have awesome
awesome caps like very big head diva
friendly very very comfortable to come
to the front
adjustable strap so stay back up wig cap
construction I'll of debris how
breathable it is because of the way that
they've made it like on a stocking cap
quality I love the colors that they've
come out with this red and the blonde
and all the different colors that came
up but this particular unit does get a
lot of this very tangled so keep that in
mind if you're beginning I saw a few
other reviews where people loved it I do
like this week it just does get a lot
tangled um and frizzy so do keep that in
mind that paddle brush will be a must
when you get this week but um overall
it's a pretty pretty unit if you guys
decide to get it you have any questions
comments or concerns hit me up I don't
want to make this too long i just want
to show it to you since I've already
been burned okay see you guys on my next
video thanks for subscribing thanks for
watching and thanks for keeping me
motivated to keep these videos coming I
will see you guys in the next video